

#Question 1 - 
how do you trace requests which are coming from external party to experience and then pased to process api. without much changes on mule api's or external vendor api.

Answer - 
You want to trace the messages flowing through your Mule 4 application using a single unique Id. In many cases, you intend to trace the messages across Multiple applications 
which can be traced in application logs using an unique Id. How to achieve this?

By design, Correlation Ids cannot be changed within a flow in Mule 4 applications and can be set only at source. This ID is part of the Event Context and is generated 
as soon as the message is received by the application. When a HTTP Request is received, the request is inspected for "X-Correlation-Id" header.
a. If "X-Correlation-Id" header is present, HTTP connector uses this as the Correlation Id.  
b. If "X-Correlation-Id" header is NOT present, a Correlation Id is randomly generated.
Option a will work in this given scenario where Third pary has to generate and pass correlation Id to Mule experience api in HTTP header field as X-Correlation-Id

#Question 2 -
Consider we have two batch jobs and are processsing records, how many threads will be used batch job process and how records will be processed in batch job instance and within two batch jobs?

Answer - 
ref Link https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.3/batch-processing-concept
Batch job uses several thread as per Mule autotuning capability it allocate thread to process those records. Also keep this in mind,
a batch job instance does not wait for all its queued records to finish processing in one batch step before pushing any of them to the next batch step.
that means batch job process records parallely, and assing several threads as per auto tune capability and process them in parallel within and in between two batch steps.

#Question 3 -
We need a sync fuctionality between salesforce and backend system. Sync fucntionality is achieved using watermark on account modified field. 
what stratergy will be used to store watermark? vm, anypoint mq, jms, or database, cache scope, redis cache or active mq

Answer - Persistent object store should be used to hold watermark so in case even application is restarted watermark will not be lost and sync functionality will resumne.

#Question 4 - 
Mule flow is writing data to two difference database in a single transaction, proposed new solution is to split this single transaction into two non-XA transaction,
what will be impacted due to this solution? Response time, consistency, performance, availability, throughput
Anwer - Consistency as both transactions are non-XA transaction due to which any db write failure will not impact other transaction write operation. 

#Question 5 -
An API needs to be accessed by client or testing team, API is enforced with ClientId enforcement policy. what should client or testing team should do to access this api
a.get clientid/secret from developer
b.get api owner access on api
c. request access to api instance and obtain client id/secret from exchange api portal
Answer - option C where any user/client can look into portal for api details and raise a request to get client id/secret to access that api.

#Question 6 -
Mule application A and B are using persistent object store for cache purpose, while A application is deployed to customer hosted runtime and B application is deployed to cloudhub.
Persistent object store is used from anypoint object store, how does application A and B will access data from Anypoint Object store?
a. both implement rest api to access data
b. both use object store connector to access data from anypoint object store
c. A uses rest api to access data while B application uses object store component
d. vice versa of option c

Answer - Option c As A application is deployed on customer hosted runtime so to access anypoint object store it will need rest api to access data while B application already deployed on
cloudhub so it can easily use object store connector to access this data.

#Question 7 -
How does JMS Connector interact with JMS broker over network 

Answer - JMS connector does support publish and consumer messages over network with JMS broker.
ref-  https://docs.mulesoft.com/jms-connector/1.6/

#Question 8 -
What type of data exchage happens when protocol is used to define API for a given communication
Answer - WSDL is used to define SOAP protocol communication while Rest API uses xml,json,text,html over HTTP protocol,
Message types (XSD): defines the message structure, based on data types or standard XML types ,WSDL defines how a web service behaves, while a XSD defines XML structures

#Question 9 -
For a given scenario where mule application reads rows from a given csv file and writed entry into JMS queue in the same order as it is in csv file,
in case any row processing fails then log entry will happen but other rows processing should continue. What stratergy wil be used as a flow scope
a. vm connector with first successful
b. async scope with error propogate
c. scatter gateher with on error continue
d. for each scope with on error continue scope
Answer - option d as we need to process rows in a order to be same as original sequence and should continue in case of any row processing failure.

#Question 10 -
What are API pre-requisite steps before api implementation come into picture to allow API management and governance by applying policy
Answer -  An API must be defined by RAML and needs to be published to exchange to manage and put goverance by applying policies on it

#Question 11 -
A given scenarion, multiple mule applications will be deployed to customer hosted cloud runtime where those are accessed over HTTPS n same port. Given SSL certificates are often rotated
what is a best possible solution to meet given criteria?
Answer - Put a Mule domain project with HTTPS configuration and keep SSL certification on server which are referred by Mule domain project(ssl certificate outside of applciation so it can be changed any time)
.Configure all other mule applications to use mule domain https configuration(so same port will be achieved)

#Question 12 -
What is a benefit of reconnection configuration for a given database connector?
Answer - it shows application not to be restarted or re-deployed even downstream database is down within reconnection configuration. 
(never put reconnection stratergy as reconnect forever as this could lead to more issues)

#Question 13 -
Who is responsible to send analytics data to a anypoint platform which is on private cloud edition?
a. mule runtime
b.api manager
c.exchange 
d. anypoint runtime manager
Answer - option D - ref link - https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/
https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/sending-data-from-arm-to-external-analytics-software#prerequisites

#Question 14 -
CIDR block calculation- consider a scenario where we have 50 applications which are deployed with 2 clouhub worker and we have 3(dev,sit,uat) env per AWS AZ(2 AZ are allocated ) in a non-prod vpc,
calculate IP range  which wil be needed for this non-prod vpc
Answer - Mule applications are deployed in CloudHub workers and each worker is assigned with a dedicated IP .
Each application has 2 cloudhub worker which impact IP allocation as each cloudhub worker wil have seperate IP. 
so 1 application = 2 IP  --> 50 *2 = 100 /AZ1  = 200/Non-prod VPC  = 200*3(env) -> 600 IP address will needed in this Non-prod vpc + Additional IP for zero downtime deployment(50%) =300
Total 900 IP address needed.
which means 0.0.0.0/23(1024 IPS) CIDR cacluation will be needed here.  Keep below table in mind
	              Env Production VPC 	Non-production VPC
Dev		                              	 50
Staging		                         	 50
Performance		                      	 50 * 2 = 100
Production	    	 50 * 2 = 100	
Total 	                  	100	         200
Additional IP for zero 
downtime deployment(50%)	50	        100
Total IPS               	150	        300




#Question 15 -
What are details anyoint platform user can find out if he has access to see asset in exchange and any limitiation
Answer - Type of asset, does it have a public portal associated with it, published when, orginazation to which it belongs too. keep in my mind this is aanypoint platform user
if annoymous user has access to public port then he can see assets endpoitns, samples and download it as raml,project,
he can see only assets wich belongs to same business group under which he is assigned.

#Question 16 -
A give a company restrict login to anypoint platform using its organization's credentials, which feature will allow for login credentials ??
a. Oauth authentication
b. Basic HTTp login
c. federated client management
d. federated Idendity mandagement
e.Enterprise secutiry module
Answer - Option D Ref - https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/external-identity

#Question 17 -
Given a client needs to deploy mule applications on cloudhub with custom SSL certtificate accessible under same domain name which is signed by reputable CA, which load balancer should be used and what configuration needs to be considered?
Answer - ref- https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/dedicated-load-balancer-tutorial
Dedicated load balancer allow custom certificate to be loaded Also Configure proxy rules that map your applications to custom domains. This enables you to host your applications under a single domain

Question 18 -
What are things needs to be stated in a Integration design specification when mule application will be integrating to external third party along with functional requirement,integration specification?
a. credentials to access third party endpoint
b. SLA and non -functional requirements
c. backend system desgins and solution architecture
d.Mule aplication flow and error scenario flows
Answer - option b which talks about SLA and Non-functional requirement

#Question 19 -
An organization has multipe api's which connect to same backend system and few api's are deployed on cloudhub and few of them on customer hosted mule runtime env.
how can we avoid creating duplicate properties for those backend systems which are used by all those mule apis
a. creat mule domain project and keep properties in this mule domain project and other apis will use mule domain
b. store properties in each mule application
c.keep properties in shared location and all mule api's will access those properties while startup 
d. create an application which given properties from a secure location ,invoke this api during startup 
answer - option D ???  need to search more on this if it is possible

#Question 20 -
Given microservices design - one api pushes message for order which will be consumes by only fullfill service, fullfill service will complete task and send a message which
can consumed by multiple application n one of them is order api
which design architecture will fit here
Answer - Order service will push message on jms queue which will be consumed by fullfill service only (point to point messaging)
while fullfill service will send message on jms topic which will be subscribed by any service along with order service (broadcasting messaging)

#Question 21 -
What operation can be performed through a JMX agent enable in a Mule application
Answer - https://docs.mulesoft.com/tcat-server/7.1/jmx-agent-monitoring
https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/3.9/jmx-management#log4j-agent
can set log4j configuration to be used by mule

#Question 22 -
Mule applications need to be deployed to cloudHub so they can access on premises database systems. These systems store sensitive and hence tightly protected data, so are not accessible over the internet.
What network architecture supports this requirement
Answer - https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/vpc-connectivity-methods-concept
connect anypoint vpc with on premise datacentre using ipsec tunnel or aws direct connect , also vpc peering could help to achieve this.

#Question 23 -
What comparison is true about a cloud hub dedicated load balancer (DLB) vs the cloudhub shared load balancer (SLB)?
Answer  ONly DLB allow custom ssl certiication
https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/cloudhub-dedicated-load-balancer
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/shared-vs-dedicated-load-balancer-mulesoft-cloudhub-ravi-dhyani/?articleId=6616710290769829888 

#Question 24 -An XA transaction is being configured that involves a JMS connector listening for incoming JMS messages.
What is the meaning of the timeout attribute of the XA transaction, and what happens after the timeout expires
Answer - https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.3/xa-transactions
Time allows to wait for transaction to be progressed without being explicitly ended, after timout transaction is rolled back

#Question 25 -An organization is creating a set of new services that are critical for their business. The project team prefers REST for all services but is willing to use SOAP with common WS-* standards if a particular service requires it.
What requirement would drive the team to use SOAP/WS-* for a particular service?
Answer - soap protocol does support auto acknowlegement and retry operation feature 
http://xml.coverpages.org/BEA-WS-Acknowledgement-09.html
but here specific ws-* services are specified to be used https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/3.9/securing-a-soap-api which allows soap serice to validate authentication/valid saml token


#Question 26 -
An integration mule application is being designed to synchronize customer data between two systems. One system is an IBM mainframe and the other system is a salesforce marketing cloud (CRM) instance. Both systems have been deployed in their typical configuration, and are to be invoked using the native protocols provided by salesforce and IBM.
What interface technologies are the most straightforward and appropriate to use in the mule application to interact with these systems, assuming that anypoint connectors exist that implement these interface technologies?
Answer - https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-sfdc-marketing-cloud-connector/
https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-ibm-ctg-connector/

IBM CICS and CRM SOAP

#Question 27 -
Anypoint runtime manager alerts can be used for which conditioned when mule runtimes are customer hosted and managed by anypoint control pane
Anwer -
https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/alerts-on-runtime-manager#alert-conditions  - check consditions for lcoal server
When high memory consumption occurs this can be notified through alerts

#Question 28 -
What requires a configuration of both a key store and a trust store for an HTTP listener
Answer - when TLS needs support for two way ssl
Adding both a keystore and a truststore to the configuration implements two-way TLS authentication also known as mutual authentication
ref lnk- https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.3/tls-configuration

#Question 30 -
A set of integration mule applications, some of which expose APIs, are being created to enable a new business process. Various stakeholders may be impacted by this.  These stakeholders are a combination of semi-technical users (who understand basic integration terminology and concepts such as JSON and XML) and technically skilled potential consumers of the Mule applications and APIs.
What is an effective way for the project team responsible for the mule applications and APIs being built to communicate with these stakeholders using Anypoint platform and its supplied toolset?
Answer - ?? anypoint design center to desing raml and share for collaboration and feedback


#Question 31-
A Mule application is deployed to a cluster of two customer-hosted Mule runtimes. The Mule application has a flow that polls a database and another flow with an HTTP Listener.
HTTP clients send HTTP requests directly to individual cluster nodes.
What happens to database polling and HTTP request handling in the time after the primary (master) node of the cluster has failed, but before that node is restarted?
Answer - database polling will continue while http request will handle be handle on second node if second node is called directly???look into cluster documentation

#Question 32 -
Additional nodes are being added to an existing customer-hosted Mule runtime cluster to improve performance. Mule application deployed to this cluster are invoked by API client through a load balancer.
What is also required to carry out those change?
Answer - external aggregator or monitoring tool needs to be configured to recognise this new node

#Qustion 33 -
A Mule application is deployed to a multi-node Mule runtime cluster. The Mule application use the competing consumer pattern among its cluster replicas to receive JMS messages from a JMS queue. To Process each received JMS message, the following steps are performed 4in a flow: 
Step1: The JMS correlation ID header is read from the received JMS message. 
Step2: The Mule application invokes an idempotent SOAP webservice over HTTPS, Passing the JMS Correlation ID as one parameter in the SOAP request. 
Step 3: The response from the SOAP webservice also return the same JMS CORRELATION id. 
Step4: The JMS correlation ID received from the SOAP webservice is validated to be identical to the JMS Correlation ID in Step1. 
Step5: The mule application creates a response JMS message setting the JMS Correlation ID message header to the validated JMS correlation ID and publishes that message to a response JMS queue.

Anwser - Shoul it be store in variable or persistent object or non-persisten object store ? think about multi node cluster and jms part.

#Question 34 -
Anypoint Exchange is required to maintain the source code of some of the assets committed to it, such as connector, Templates and API specifications.
What is the best way to use an organization’s source-code management (SCM) system in this context?
Answer - should exchange as primary scm along with other scm for parallel branch merge and versionining

#Question 35 -
What aspects to RBAC must ALWAYS be controlled from the Anypoint Platform control plane and cannot be controlled via the external identity provider
Answer - RBAC cannot assing permission to role on anypoint platform,
it can assign role ,assing it business group and remove user access

#Question 36 -
One of the backend systems invoked by an API implementation enforces rate limits on the number of requests a particular client can make. Both The backend system and the API implementation are deployed to several non-production environments in addition to production.
Rate limiting of the backend system applies to all non-production environments. The production environments. The production environment, however, does Not have any rate limiting.
What is the most effective approach to conduct performance test of the AI implementation in a staging (non-production) environment?
Answer - create a mocking service with production performance characteristic and then configure mule api to connect with mocking service for performance test

#Question 37 -
A retailer is designing a data exchange interface to be used by list suppliers. The interface must support secure communication over the public internet. The interface must also work with a wide variety of programming languages and IT system used by suppliers.
What are the suitable interface technologies for this data exchange that secure, cross-platform and internet friendly, assuming that Anypoint Connectors exist for interface technologies
Answer -
edifact ,xml over sftp and ml/json over https 
or 
CSV over FTP YAML over TLS JSON over HTTPS

#Question 38 -
Anypoint connector which support transactions -
Answer -  JMS Database vm  ref link- https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.3/xa-transactions

#Question 39 -
A business process involved the receipt of a file from an external vendor over SFTP. The file needs to be parsed and its content processed, validated and ultimately persisted to a database. The delivery mechanism is expected to change in the future as more vendors send similar files using other mechanisms such as file transfer or HTTP POST.
What is most effective way to design for these requirements in order to minimize the impact of future change
Answer - create an api that recieve files which then invoke process api and have system api as per need

#Question 40 -
An API client is implemented as a Mule application that includes an HTTP Request operation using a default configuration. 
The HTTP Request operation invokes an external API that follows standard HTTP status code conversion, which cause the HTTP Request operation to return a 4xx status code.
Answer - External API reported an http 4xx code on a request which is received from outbound service

#Question 41 -
What is the recommended practice when designing an integration mule4 application that reads a large xml payload as a stream?
Answer - payload should be dealt as xml stream only and no conversion to java needed

#Question 42 -
An integration mule application is deployed to a customer hosted multi node mule 4 runtime cluster. The mule application uses a listener operation of a JMS connector to receive incoming messages from a JMS queue.
How are the messages consumed by the mule application
Answer - https://docs.mulesoft.com/jms-connector/1.7/jms-performance#optimize-your-configuration-for-clusters
depending on listener configuration , messages will be consumed by primary or any other node

#Question 43 -
A business process involves two APIs that interact with each other asynchronously over HTTP. Each API is implemented as a Mule application. API 1 receives the initial HTTP request and invokes API 2 (in a fire and forget fashion) While API 2, upon Completion of the processing, calls back into API 1 to notify about completion of the asynchronous process.
Each API is deployed to multiple redundant Mule runtime and a separate load balancer, and is deployed to a separate network zone.
In the network architecture, how must the firewall rules be configured to enable the above interaction between API 1 and API 2.
Answer - To enable communication from each API’s Mule runtimes and network zone to the load balancer of the other API
Ref link - https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/virtual-private-cloud#firewall-rules

#Question 44- 
What aspects of a CI/CD pipeline for Mule applications can be automated using Mulesoft provided Maven plugin?
Answer -Compile, package, unit test, deploy, integration test
http://workshop.tools.mulesoft.com/modules/module7_lab4#step-2-configure-the-mule-maven­plugin

#Question 45 -
An organization currently uses a multi-node mule runtime deployment model within their datacenter, so each Mule runtime hosts several mule applications. The organization is planning to transition to a deployment model based on Docker containers in a Kubemeter cluster. The organization has already created a standard Docker image containinig a Mule runtime and all required dependencies(including a JVM ) but excluding the mule application itself.
What is an expected outcome of this transition to container-based Mule application deployments?
Answer - Guaranteed consistency of execution environments across all deployments of a Mule Application 
or A.Required redesign of Mule applications to follow microservice architecture principles
Ref- https://www.mulesoft.com/resources/api/kubernetes-container-orchestration

#Question 46 -
An integration mule application is being designed to process orders by submitting them to a backend system for offline processing. Each order will be received by the mule application through an HTTPS POST and must be acknowledged immediately.
Once acknowledged, the order will be submitted to a backend system. Orders that cannot be successfully submitted due to rejections from the backend system will need to be processed manually (outside of the backend system)
The mule application will be deployed to a customer-hosted runtime and is able to use an existing ActiveMQ broker if needed.
The backend system has to track record of unreliability both due to minor network connectivity issues and longer outages.
What idiomatic (used for their intended purposes) combination of mule application components and ActiveMQ queues are required to ensure automatic submission of orders to the backend system, while minimizing manual order processing?

Answer - as backend system has unrliability records we should have activemq with reconnection stratergy and redelivery will help to process even backend system is down,
use until succeful for better delivery and process of message

#Question 47-
What metrics about API invocations are available for visualization in custom charts using Anypoint Analytics 
Answer - request size,no,response time  and size
REf- https://docs.mulesoft.com/monitoring/api-analytics-dashboard

#Question 48 -
A new mule application under development must implement extensive data transformation logic. Some of the data transformation functionality is already available as external transformation services that are mature and widely used across the organization, the rest is highly specific to the new mule application.
The organization follows a rigorous testing approach, where every service and application must be extensively acceptance tested before it is allowed to go into production.
What is the best way to implement the data transformation logic for this new mule application while minimizing the overall testing effort?
Answer - imlement transaformation logic using dataweave in new api and invoke existing service whenevr possible.

#Question 49-
An organization is designing an integration solution to replicate financial transaction data from a legacy system into a data warehouse (DWH)
The DWH must contain a daily snapshot of financial transactions, to be delivered as a CSV file. Daily transaction volume events tens of millions of records, with significant spikes in volume during popular shopping periods.
What is the most appropriate integraion style for an integraion solution that meets the organization's current requirements?
Answer - Microservice architecture

#Question 50 -
An organization uses a 2 node Mule runtime cluster to host one stateless API implementation. The api is accessed over HTTPS through a load balancer that uses round-robin for load distribution.
Two additional nodes have been added to the cluster and the load balancer has been configured to recognize the new nodes with no other change to the load balancer.
What average performance change is guaranteed to happen, assuming all cluster nodes are fully operational?
Answer - 50%reduction in no of request received by each node. this is due to round robin logic at load balancer which will send request to each node that means 
first two nodes will have 50% less reqeust to be processed.

#Question 51- 
A global organization operates datacenters in many countries. There are private network links between these datacenters because all business data (but NOT metadata) must be exchanged over these private network connections.
The organization does not currently use AWS in any way.
The strategic decision has just been made to rigorously minimize It operations effort and investment going forward.
What combination of deployment options of the Anypoint Platform control plane and runtime plane(s) best senes this organization at the start of this strategic journey?
Answer - 
Mulesoft anypoint platform control plane(as this is metadata) while customer hosted runtime plance in multiple aws region data centre(this is actual business data)

#Question 52 -
When using Anypoint platform across various lines of business with their own Anypoint Platform business groups,
what configuration of Anypoint Platform is always performed at the organization level as opposed to at the business group level?
Answer -Identity management setup
ref-https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/multi-factor-authentication

#Question 53-
A mule application is being designed to do the following: 
Step 1: Read a SalesOrder message from a JMS queue, where each SalesOrder consists of a header and a list of SalesOrderLineItems. 
Step 2: Insert the SalesOrder header and each SalesOrderLineItem into different tables in and RDBMS.
Step 3: Insert the SalesOrder header and the sum or prices of all SalesOrderLineItems into a table in different RDBMS.
No SalesOrder message can be lost and the consistency of all SalesOrder-related information in both RDBMs must be ensured at all times
What design choice (including choice of transactions) and order of steps addresses these requirements
Answer - read jms message ina XA transaction and do db insert transaction in same XA and do no acknolwdge jms message

#Question 54 -
Mule application A receives a request Anypoint MQ message REQU with a payload containing a variable length list of objects. Application A uses the FOR Each scope to split the list into individual objects and sends each object as a message to an Anypoint MQ queue.
Service S listens on that queue, processes each message independently of all the other messages, and sends a response message to a response queue.
Application A listens on that response queue and must in turn create and publish a response Anypoint MQ message RESP with a payload containing the list of responses sent by service S in the same order as the request objects originally sent in REQU.
Assume successful response messages are returned by services S for all request messages.
What is required so that application A can ensure that the length and order of the list of objects in RESP and REQU match, while at the same time maximizing message throughput?
Answer -scatter gather or for each with persistent object stre???

#Question 55 -
A mule application has a http listener that accepts HTTP DELETE requests. The mule application is deployed to three CloudHub workers under the control of the CloudHub shared load balancer.
A web client makes a sequence of requests to the Mule application’s public URL.
How is the sequence of web client requests distributed among the HTTP listeners running in the three CloudHub Workers?
Answer -•	Each request is routed to ONE ARBITARY CloudHub worker out of all the three CloudHub Workers
ref https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/cloudhub-fabric

#Question 56 -
An organization is designing a mule application to receive data from one external business partner. The two companies currently have no shared IT infrastructure and do not want to establish one. Instead, all communication should be over the public internet (With no VPN).
What any point connector can be used in the organizations mule application to securely read data from this external business provider
Answer - SFTP ,HTTPS ,connector

#Question 57-
A team would like to create a project skeleton that developers can use as a starting point when creating API implementations with Anypoint studio. This skeleton should help drive consistent use of best practices within the team.
What type of Anypoint Exchange artifact(s) should be added to Anypoint Exchange to publish the project skeleton?
Answer -A Mule application template with the key components and minimal integration logic
Ref https://docs.mulesoft.com/design-center/fd-publish-app-as-template

#Question 58
A Mule 4 application has a parent flow that breaks up a JSON array payload into 200 separate items, then sends each item one at a time inside an Async scope to a VM queue.
A second flow to process orders has a VM Listener on the same VM queue. The rest of this flow process each received item by writing the item to a database.
The Mule application is deployed to four CloudHub workers with persistent queues enabled.
What message processing guarantees are provided by the VM queue and the CloudHub workers, and how are VM message routed among the CloudHub workers for each invocation of the parent flow under normal operating conditions where all the CloudHub workers remain online
Answer -
EACH item VM message is processed AT LEAST ONCE by ONE ARBITRARY CloudHub worker Each of the four CloudHub workers can be expected to process some item VM messages

#Question 59-
What API policy would LEAST likely be applied to a Process API?
Custom circuit breakercorrect
Client ID enforcement
Rate limiting
JSON threat protection
Answer A
Explanation:
Reference: https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/policy-mule3-provided-policies

#Question 60 -
What is a key performance indicator (KPI) that measures the success of a typical C4E that is immediately apparent in responses from the Anypoint Platform APIs?
A.The number of production outage incidents reported in the last 24 hourscorrect
B.The number of API implementations that have a publicly accessible HTTP endpoint and are being managed by Anypoint Platformcorrect
C.The fraction of API implementations deployed manually relative to those deployed using a CI/CD tool
D.The number of API specifications in RAML or OAS format published to Anypoint Exchangecorrect
QAnswer A B D
Explanation:
Reference: https://help.mulesoft.com/s/question/0D52T00004mXSTUSA4/how-should-a-company­measure-c4e-success

#Question 61 -
 An organization is implementing a Quote of the Day API that caches today's quote.
What scenario can use the CloudHub Object Store via the Object Store connector to persist the cache's state
Answer - When there is one deployment of the API implementation to CloudHub and another deployment to a customer-hosted Mule runtime that must share the cache state

#Question 62 -
What condition requires using a CloudHub Dedicated Load Balancer
Answer - When custom DNS names are required for API implementations deployed to customer-hosted Mule runtimes
Ref -https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/cloudhub-dedicated-load-balancer

#Question 63 -
What do the API invocation metrics provided by Anypoint Platform provide?
A.ROI metrics from APIs that can be directly shared with business userscorrect
B.Measurements of the effectiveness of the application network based on the level of reuse
C.Data on past API invocations to help identify anomalies and usage patterns across various APIscorrect
D.Proactive identification of likely future policy violations that exceed a given threat thresholdcorrect
Answer A C D
Explanation:
Reference: https://usermanual.wiki/Document/APAAppNetstudentManual02may2018.991784750.pdf

#Question 64
 What is true about the technology architecture of Anypoint VPCs?
A.The private IP address range of an Anypoint VPC is automatically chosen by CloudHub.correct
B.Traffic between Mule applications deployed to an Anypoint VPC and on-premises systems can stay within a private network.correct
C.Each CloudHub environment requires a separate Anypoint VP
D.VPC peering can be used to link the underlying AWS VPC to an on-premises (non AWS) private network.correct
Answer - A B D
Explanation:
Reference: https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/vpc-connectivity-methods-concept

#Question 65-
An API implementation is deployed on a single worker on CloudHub and invoked by external API clients (outside of CloudHub).
How can an alert be set up that is guaranteed to trigger AS SOON AS that API implementation stops responding to API invocations?
Answer -Configure a “worker not responding” alert in Anypoint Runtime Manager
Ref- https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/alerts-on-runtime-manager#alert-conditions

#Qestion 66 -
The implementation of a Process API must change.
What is a valid approach that minimizes the impact of this change on API clients
Answer - until n unless there is no change on process api raml defination, api changes can be implmented.

#Question 67-
What aspect of logging is only possible for Mule applications deployed to customer-hosted Mule runtimes, but NOT for Mule applications deployed to CloudHub
Answer - To directly reference one shared and customized log4j2.xml file from multiple Mule applications

#Question 68

#Question 70 -



